# ColdWaters-DotModCampaignChecker
This project is designed to automatically check a DotMod campaign for issues to find bugs before campaigns even go live.
This is a "static checker" (like MyPy for Python) and is designed to be run cold on any campaign. It does not claim to catch every issue, but common ones like missing files or incorrectly adjusting elements of campaign_data should be caught with an error message more descriptive than that which the game gives you.

## Changelog
- v0.01: First three checks
- v0.02: Added vessel name integrity check
- v0.03: Added several new checks and fixed a few bugs for non-DotMod campaigns
- v0.04: Added documentation, and made some reports clearer
- v0.05: Added a new check, refactored events and language info, and fixed whitespace in docs
- v0.06: Added .ico for release .exe, and refactored to work as a .exe
- v0.10: First release, identical to v0.06
- v0.1.1: Added small tweaks regarding the use of testship to indicate a location-based mission
- v0.1.2: Added two new checks regarding mission types
- v0.1.3: Added one new check for award event names
- v1.0.0b: Added a large number of new checks for locations, aircraft, more error handling

### How to Use
1. Download the latest release from the "Releases" tab on Discord. This should be a .zip containing the .exe itself.
2. Extract the .exe from the downloaded .zip to dotmod, override, or priority, in whichever one your campaign sits.
3. Run the .exe by double-clicking on it.
4. Enter just the numeral part of the campaign's number (006 would be just 6), and then enter a two letter langauge code, such as en or ru.
5. Wait for the program to finish (this should never take longer than just a few seconds) and open reports.txt.
6. Perform corrections on campaign based on reports.

### How to Contribute
I'm always looking for contributors on this project! The main things I ask when contributing is that A) you document all files you commit in a style similar to the one used throughout the rest of this project (or DM me on Discord for my little styleguide which I use for myself), and B) try to keep the code style similar to that which is presented thusfar in this project. I reserve the right to reject any PR which I feel uses a dramatically different code style. Always feel free to fork, of course, if you dislike how this project is written.

### How to Compile
If you wish to compile this project from the raw source code, simply pip install nuitka and enter the following command:
python -m nuitka --onefile --windows-icon-from-ico=CampaignChecker.ico campaign_checker.py
You can then delete the other files generated by Nuitka.
